There are 2 stages to learning consume and digested, PACER helps you determine the techique you should use to successfully learn a topic.

INFOMATION 

Everything you consume, must be digested in order to retain and use and information.

If consuming is not followed by digesting you will start "Overheating", meaning that you consumed to much data, and this is why digesting is nesseccery if digestion is not executed the infomration will be "viomited it all"(forgetting) back up.

A tip is to spend more time on digesting/process information instead of consuming because we forget most consumed data.


Edvidence and Reference are extremely similar so you must understand the differance between them to fully execute the learning process. 
QOUTES

what goes into your brain is less important than what stays in your brain.

consumed and digestion information must be balanced.

balancing,consuming, and disgesting information is important in all stages.

P(Procedural)

Procedural information is information on how something should be execution. When this infomation gets into your brain it should be practied as early possible. What if practice time to practice isn't avaiable? You should move on to a different topic or stop reading completely.



A(analogous)

Analogous infomation is the information that is related to something you already have prior knowledge about. This could be anything new information that reminded us of something indirectly, an Analogous is ANY prior knownledge. When reading you want to activly think about what you already know and if this new topic is related, and if it is you want to us a techique called critique. critique means examine critically how good that analogy(relation) actually is.

Critiquing means asking ourselves:

1.How are these things related?
2.How are they different?
3.In what situation does this analogy not make sense anymore?
4.Is there an better analogy, a way it could be extended?


C(Conceptual)

Conceptual information are things like facts,explainations,theories,principles,relationships(between concepts), and applications(ways the information can be applied). 

Procedural + Conceptual = Problem Sloving and knowledge application

For example if understand how to listen to a heart beat(analogous) and how to analyze(cenceptual) the heart beat I have applied these methods correctly. Next method is mapping, this means mapping out information in your head instead of just reading a book, sentence, etc. In your mind you can map out how are these topics related, and see how they connect together in order to slove the problem, Mappng forces us to not only think about each fact and concept, but also how they connect to each other o form a bigger picture. Ways this can be practice is by drawing out a map and connect each topic that you think is related together, and you can add, reorganize, and reading extends your map/knowledge and could also help with figuring out how you want to structure your map.

E(Evidence)

Evidence means the type of information can be used as examples to prove a conceptual point. For example we can understand conceptually how ww2 started but we also need to know evidence of dates, who, time, where, etc. A method we can use for evidence is store and rehearsing, stores means that you collect that information and note it down somewhere(write down, conceptual map or programs like notion, obsidian, etc), once you identify that this informatoin is evidence you should store it immediatly. Rehearsing asks:

1.How are we going to use this information?
-Sloving problems
-Answering
-Teaching
-Explaining
-Essays
2.How to apply the information? 
3.What type of conceptual information is this an example of? 
tip: Don't read and take note on take topic you will waste time and overheat and you won't have enough for the rest of the process.

R(Reference)

Reference means information is all the nitty-gritty, specific information that doesn't really change your conceptual understanding. This is someting that we might need to know later an example of this is the 10 digits of pie, or name of a speific molcule, diseases, function, etc. the method for refernce is the same as evidence store and rehearsing. 